hi welcome to Lenz recipes today I want
to show you my version of chicken
parmesan this is a pretty easy recipe
that doesn't take very long to make and
it makes a really good dinner to make
this chicken parmesan these are the
ingredients that you're going to need
you're going to need some thin cut
chicken breasts and it must store it's
labeled chicken cutlets and you can use
as many as you need for the amount of
people you're going to feed you're also
going to need some all-purpose flour and
I have put some salt and ground pepper
in this and mixed it up you'll need some
beaten eggs mixed with a little bit of
water and I just whisk that together
you'll need Italian bread crumbs you'll
need about 48 ounces of tomato sauce and
you can make your own tomato sauce or
use jarred it doesn't matter you'll need
about 6 ounces of sliced mozzarella
cheese and you'll need some freshly
grated Parmesan cheese also we're going
to serve us with spaghetti and I'm just
going to cook that according to the
package directions to get started making
this Parmesan chicken the first thing
we're going to do is we're going to
dredge the chicken and the flour the egg
and the Italian breadcrumbs so let me
show you how to do that it's pretty easy
you just make sure that each side of the
chicken gets a little bit of the flour
on it shake it off a little bit move
over to the egg dip both sides and then
we're going to move over to the
breadcrumbs and make sure that it's very
well coated on both sides
and then I'll just set it aside on a
dish so I'm going to finish doing this
chicken and so when we get done with the
last piece we're going to take it over
to the stove and we've got a skillet
that's going to have olive oil in it
we're going to heat it up and we're
going to brown both sides of this
chicken
okay so I'll put a little bit of the
breading in to make sure that olive oil
is hot enough and so now what I'm going
to do is I'm going to add my chicken to
the olive oil and brown it
scoot it around to make room for all of
it
that's the last piece so we're going to
let it brown and then I'm going to turn
it over and brown the other side okay so
now I'm going to assemble the dish the
first thing I'm going to do is I have a
9 by 13 inch several dish that I've
sprayed and I'm going to put some of my
sauce in the bottom of it
and on simply just going to lay my
chicken on top of the salt okay so now
what I'm going to do is put a little bit
more sauce on top of the chicken
and I am going to use the rest of the
sauce I'm going to put it in a saucepan
and I'm going to heat it up and we're
going to serve it over our pasta later
on so then what we do is we take our
mozzarella cheese and you would just lay
it on top
then I'm going to sprinkle my parmesan
on top of that
you can use as much of this as you want
it's up to your taste and then I think
I'm going to just drizzle a little bit
of olive oil on top of the cheeses okay
now what I'm going to do is put this in
a 350 degree preheated oven for about 30
minutes my chicken parmesan is done it
cooked for about 30 minutes and this is
what it looks like it's nice and golden
on the top so now what I'm going to do
is I'm going to give my spaghetti and
I'm going to put it all on the serving
plate and then I'll come back and show
you what it looks like this is my
version of chicken parmesan I hope you
enjoy it
you